Update for GA (#10775)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/network-protection-macos.md

- [Microsoft Microsoft 365 Defender for Endpoint Plan 2](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2154037)
- [Microsoft 365 Defender](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2118804)

## Overview

> Network protection functionality for macOS (min. macOS 11) is now in generally available in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft Network protection functionality for macOS (min. macOS 11) is now generally available.
```

## Scenarios

> The following scenarios are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following scenarios are supported:
```
